README.md, before:

## A game of Rock-Paper-Scissors :rock: :page_with_curl: :scissors:

####  Simple game of rock-paper-scissors with graphical user interface. Lead the humanity against the AI in a deadly game for our race survival. The rules are simple, get into the role of a private soldier, part of the last surviving humans and defent us against the machines who took over the world. 
####  Each round you will have to choose your weapon - a rock, a paper or a pair of scissors and fight against the artificial intelligence who is trying to purge the humanity from the face of the planet. 

### :hammer_and_wrench: Game mechanics:

#### The player can choose one the three buttons - rock, paper or scissors and play versus the computer, who randomly selects his choice. Based on the result, each round can give you a point or a point for the AI. In case of Tie, no points are added to none of the players.
#### Also, after each round, depending on the results, a text message will be generated and will appear on the screen. 
#### On the bottom of the screen the player can track the overall results. At this point there is no limit and the game can continue indefinitely.

### :desktop_computer: Technologies used:

#### The application is written in Python. The entire GUI is written in QT Framework v5 using the respective python libraries `pyqt5` and `pyqt5-tools`.

#### The project is still under development and more features will be implemeted in next release.
#### Contributing in the improvement and development of the application is more than welcome. Any feedbacks and suggestions would be valuable. 
#### Giving the project a star would be an additional support.

Commit message:

README file updated Requirements file added for dependency handling

README.md, after:

## A game of Rock-Paper-Scissors :rock: :page_with_curl: :scissors:

#####  Simple game of rock-paper-scissors with graphical user interface. Lead the humanity against the AI in a deadly game for our race survival. The rules are simple, get into the role of a private soldier, part of the last surviving humans and defent us against the machines who took over the world. 
#####  Each round you will have to choose your weapon - a rock, a paper or a pair of scissors and fight against the artificial intelligence who is trying to purge the humanity from the face of the planet. 

### :hammer_and_wrench: Game mechanics:

##### The player can choose one the three buttons - rock, paper or scissors and play versus the computer, who randomly selects his choice. Based on the result, each round can give you a point or a point for the AI. In case of Tie, no points are added to none of the players.
##### Also, after each round, depending on the results, a text message will be generated and will appear on the screen. 
##### On the bottom of the screen the player can track the overall results. At this point there is no limit and the game can continue indefinitely.

### :desktop_computer: Technologies used:

##### The application is written in Python. The entire GUI is written in QT Framework v5 using the respective python libraries `pyqt5` and `pyqt5-tools`.


### :incoming_envelope: Contributing
##### The project is still under development and more features will be implemeted in next release.
##### Contributing in the improvement and development of the application is more than welcome. Python QT Framework is required to be able to contribute to the project, simply run `pip install -r requirements.txt`  to install the libraries.
##### Any feedbacks and suggestions would be valuable.


#### :star: Giving the project a star would be an additional support.
